Forestry, do you still want to mess around on this occasion?
Not good for such a big occasion
As long as forestry is not too excessive
At most, you will be expelled.
No one did anything to him
Go back and tell him to get out of Hero Forestry quickly
What exactly do you want to do?
I'll tell you what.
I want to have unrealistic ideas
Even if this child
You can't give birth to a labor prisoner
It's a shame for the family
You shameless
Your dad and I still have this face
Eat it, why don't you eat it?
Don't eat
I only eat when I'm happy
I'm really not happy to see me
For the sake of you and me
I will not pursue the past with you
You can keep running your company
As for the $1 billion contract
I can also take time off to continue investing in you.
When are you still daydreaming?
Wake up, today is Kunlun's pre-election banquet
Not where you spill
Dad, you take yourself too seriously
You cured the word thing
We have already paid for the consultation.
You have nothing to do with us winners anymore
Dad, what are you?
You can also wake me up in front of my grandmother
Tell you yesterday
Lord Takeshi asked Zhao Yu to invite Miss Hu
Have a make-up meal together
It acknowledges the success of his grandmother
Bright moon, congratulations to you and me now
It's no longer something you can place on the Qin family's thighs
Yes.